Update Stable Diffusion Blog Post (#490)
huggingface/blog: stable_diffusion.md

## Running Stable Diffusion

### License

> Before using the model, you need to accept the model [license](https://huggingface.co/spaces/CompVis/stable-diffusion-license) before downloading or using the weights.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using the model, you need to accept the model [license](https://huggingface.co/spaces/CompVis/stable-diffusion-license) in order to download and use the weights.  
```

The license is designed to mitigate the potential harmful effects of such a powerful machine learning system. 

> We encourage users to the license entirely and carefully; though we offer a summary in understanding that the majority of the users will not do so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We request users to **read the license entirely and carefully**. Here we offer a summary in understanding that the majority of the users will not do so:

```
